When I was growing up, I was not exposed to the literary world.  I purchased this kindle book and am so glad I did.It was, at times, repetitive (I wanted to say, 'OK, you told us that already - a few times&#34;.)  At times, it was idealistic and at other times it was realistic.  The detail of how they made the island their own is educational.I definitely got caught up in it.  I would recommend this book to middle school students & pre-teens with imagination.The language requires attention but is worth the effort.


This was entertaining. It seems it could have been the inspiration of the TV series LOST. So many things are so alike.


Captivating and engaging. Truly a most pleasurable classic worthy of late night attention. I look forward to more books like this.


A group of men escape by balloon a Confederate prison and land on a deserted island where all their needs are met by a mysterious benefactor.


I remember going to the movie theatre when about 56/7 yrs old. with my cousin 4 years older.  We enjoyed it so much that we staye through a second showing--and got into huge trouble!  I saw the book's availability and realized that I'd never actually read the book.  It did not disappoint.  At our upcoming family reunion, I'd like to share that movie experience with my grandkids--but am sending them the book to enjoy first.


As old as this story is, I had never read it. Love Kindle free classics for android. I love the writing style and language. Very descriptive. A great author, a great sci-fi mind. Very enjoyable read.


This was a great read. I am really glad I downloaded it. I didn't want to put it down. I would recommend reading the mysterious island.


Classic. What else needs to be said. An adventure classic, you must remember when Verne was writing the world was a very different place.


Jules Verne is indeed an author you can rely on for fast flowing suspense, and I enjoy reading the classics written in the way that they were originally penned; it much more enjoyable for me. Children of all ages would benefit from reading this book eminence.


A true classic.  Not like the movie where they fight large dinosaur.  A good tail of survival and the will to get by.  A good read for any age.  The true adventure and a lesson in human nature.  Good over evil and how to best understand the wishes of others.


another adventure story that has everything needed to keep you reading action, intrigue, mystery, and likable characters. as always I was a happy reader with verne. I think most readers would like this


I finally read this book last month and enjoyed every chapter. It shows how they managed to survive on the island by making tools and items in their cave. This book is by far one of the best "stranded on an island" books you could hope for. It is probably one of Jules Verne's best. The inhabitants of an island are banded together and when they get into a tight spot, there is a mysterious force that always helps out. This force is not revealed until nearly the end. I highly recommend it to everyone.


I could easily be talked into giving this four stars for its high adventure, intriguing mystery and appealing characters. You've got to love a book that grabs you right from the beginning:"Are we rising again?" "No on the contrary." "Are we descending?" "Worse than that, captain! We are falling!" "For heavens sake heave out the ballast!" "There! The last sack is empty!" "Does the balloon rise?" "No!" "I hear a noise like the dashing of waves! The sea is below the car. It cannot be more than 500 feet from us!" "Overboard with every weight!...everything!"I must say, that listening to this (via the Kindle's speech feature while I was driving) was better than having to read all those exclamation points, but I was hooked and enjoyed the vicarious adventure.Jules Verne's MYSTERIOUS ISLAND embraces the ever-popular story line of men surviving--even thriving--on a deserted island, but instead of getting there by shipwreck, these men have escaped from a Civil War Richmond under siege in a hot air balloon and are blown thousands of miles off course in the grip of a raging storm. Eventually, their balloon loses air and they fall into the sea and are washed up on an island. There they establish a settlement, and with remarkable know-how, tenacity, and courage, they make quite a nice life for themselves that lasts about four years, despite the challenges of tempest, wild animals, injuries, pirates, and, most intriguingly, a mysteriously benevolent but invisible presence that seems to defy the castaways' belief that they are alone on the island.This book was written in 1874, and must surely have been influenced by SWISS FAMILY ROBINSON which was written in 1812. The similarities are striking in the remarkably clever things the castaways envisioned, built or fabricated to ensure their comfort and safety...everything from their lodging and outbuildings to a small sailing ship. Between them, they conveniently brought extensive knowledge of engineering, sailing, ship-building, astronomy, geography, botany, and chemistry.The book does bog down occasionally, and the 19th century language is somewhat stilted. Every conversation seemed to include a "my boy" or "my man"  or "my friend" (e.g., "'No doubt, my boy,' answered the engineer..."). The characters were ennobled by the author to be unrealistic paradigms of 19th century virtue: industrious, courageous, practical, and compassionate.But these are quibbles in the face of the pleasure given by such a good story, and the way Jules Verne tied this book in with the story from 20,000 LEAGUES UNDER THE SEA was an interesting and unexpected twist. This book is a classic for a reason.


I like Jules Vern stories and enjoyed reading this on my little Kindle while away from home needing something to read while in a waiting mode.


I have been trying to go through the classic books off and on through out the years. I have found many of them so interesting and refreshing. This book was no different. It has great characters and a wonderful story line. I recommend it if you enjoy a bit of sci fi-ish books. :)


I know it's by a classic author & I feel I should join the positive reviewers here, but I'm afraid I can't.The book starts well enough, with a daring prisoner-of-war camp escape, by balloon, followed be a harrowing flight through the storm & a forced landing on a Pacific Island. Then the plot weakens....One of the book's biggest mysteries must be that, whilst huge numbers of indiginent Pacific islanders evolve by scratching out a living fishing off a sand-bar of an island, this extemely large, visible (it has a huge mountain in the middle) island, remains undiscovered. A pity because this surely must be one of the most verdant, farming-friendly, mineral wealthy islands on Earth. It is also extremely well-stocked with all manner of useful, & tasty beasts. Our heroes, in a few short years, manage to become completely self-sufficient & are soon spoilt for choice as to where to abide & what to have for supper.I would estimate that a full eighty percent of the plot is dedicated to the ingenious, almost miraculous, development of the island's bounty. Our five heroes are the most innovative of castaways; nothing is beyond them. During their time on the island they have the know-how & resources to produce bricks, pottery, ironware, gunpowder, nitro-glycerene, etc. etc., even introducing a telegraph system & no detail is spared in the descriptions of each operation. As a consequence the book reads like a cross between Handyman's Journal, Construction Weekly & Farming Monthly.The castaways are a deadly boring bunch. They quickly become firm friends; respectful, tolerant & pass their time in mutual hero-worship & devotion. They are such a 'hail-fellow & well met' group that there is a complete absence of any sort of jealousy, resentment, discontent or moaning; indeed a complete absence of any emotional excitement.There is a mystery involved but I didn't feel it worth the effort of wading through the massive amount of technical details to find out the end result.Look here for blandness & do-it-yourself tips; look elsewhere for adventure.


At 1st, I didn't realize who the author was.  This is a wonderful finish to &#34;20,000 Leagues&#34;. Kept my interest.


An excellent read, extremely descriptive. You almost feel as though you are one of the characters. This is the first Novel that I have read by Jules Verne and will not hesitate to read further stories by him,no matter how far fetched they may have seemed when he first penned them.If you enjoy a bit of fantasizing I would have no problems in recommending that you purchase ,sit back and enjoy.


Very enjoyable read. This is the first Verne book I have read and now I want to read them all. How would you survive on an island? Old world wisdom is shared within a chronology...


I gave it this rating because not only was it a good adventure tale, but the characterization was also very good. I enjoyed it and learned something about surviving on an island.


I had never read any of the old Classics so I picked up this book after reading so many good reviews.  It did start a little slow, but at the same time intriguing with the mystery of where the bullet came from.  At times I could not put it down.  I enjoyed all of the characters, and found it very interesting how they created things we take for granted today.  It's hard to remember that people used to have to do everything for themselves, it sure has been a lost art in the western society! I found the writing wonderful and Jules Verne painted wonderful details which made the story itself such a pleasure to read!


This book kept my attention from the very first page until the ending. I could see myselfin the position of the escapees and how they managed to survive with the help of themysterious person. The ending was quite a surprise.


KEEPS YOU INTERESTED.  RECOMMEND TO ANY AGE. GENUINE MASTERPIECE EVERYONE SHOULD READ.  VERY GOOD FOR CHILDREN.  MAKES A WONDERFUL GIFT.


Always a fantastic read.  Good for all ages and tastes.  Well worth the time spent enjoying the story.  Better than the movies.


After our children saw the latest movie based on Jules Verne's books, we decided to let them read the original.  The story moves a little slowly (normal for the time-frame and writing style), and there are some funny ideas about natural science, but the storyline is good adventure.


I almost regret taking the time to read this book. It could have been condensed into 30 pages and would have been a nice afterward to 20,000 leagues under the sea.  As it is, it was not really worth reading as a standalone story.


WONDERFUL! Jules Verne gives plausible possibilties for escapes in a hot air balloon in the midst of a hurricane. The volcanic island that the later meeting with their mystery person is just perfect. I wish I had even a tiny bit of Jules Verne's talent for writing. I love his science and his explanations that are neither didactic nor boring. And the characters are wonderful as well! SUCH a good read!


Great read for Jules Verne  fans.  A little simplistic in the details but he had to get the characters a long way in a very impossible situation.  Suspend your disbelief that much and he will lead you to the final scene that will have you slap your forehead for not seeing it coming.  Lot of fun.


I first read this book about 50 years ago, and I enjoyed it as much now as I did then. I couldn't have realized at that time, that I was  reading a precursor to MacGyver, Lost, Lassie, and countless other books, movies and TV shows. Jules Verne was a genius, and his writing style was absolutely delightful. Unfortunately a book worded thus today would realize only the sale of about ten copies. (I tried to imitate his style. It didn't work.)


One of the better fiction books I've read in a long time. Jules Verne is a master at subtly building suspense!


Unexpectedly, the story was predominantly complex discussions (pages & pages) on and about physics, engineering & chemistry. This really bogged the story down for me.  It was an interesting story line, but way too much detail.  Including Captain Nemo in the story was an interesting twist.


This classic is a must read, especial for anyone who has read 20,000 Leagues .. Even if you simply watched Walt Disney's early film adaptation your sure to enjoy this story. There are a few place where it drags a bit and some of the language usage is dated, but that some how seems to add to it's charm.


I have an illustration to describe what a good job Jules Verne did: My husband, who is dislexic, does not prefer reading as pleasure at all. We read together (me reading aloud) all the time. However, with The Mysterious Island, I couldn't tear him away from it! He downloaded it onto his phone so that he could read in his spare time. It's a breakthrough, folks! Excellent, exciting, educational read.


It was quite a good read, got a little carried away but still interesting,  it did show what people could do when working together


This was my first tread into Jules Verne. I was rewarded with a good read. The only complaint was that there was a lot of detail put into all the different mechanisms they had to make. However, it was still interesting to learn such things from the way to build many things from raw resources to how to create makeshift items to help with survival.The story begins with 5 prisoners; an engineer, a sailor, a reporter, a servant, and a young man along with a very bright dog; traveling in a hot air balloon to escape imprisonment during the Civil War. They are thrown onto an island that isn't listed on any maps and well out of the way for any ships in the Pacific to go by. They even go on a short trip to a close but un-useful island to help a castaway. For four long years these escapees have to start from nothing to make themselves a civilized dwelling. They create everything from a house in granite rock and a garden and an animal farm to any mechanism they might need to create something to survive with. They spend their days working and building and creating all the necessities as well as some wants. They build two ships and at the last second when they fear death, they are saved. There are references to 20,000 leagues under the seas and captain Nemo as well as historical things.The story is long but with all the details you learn not only to feel like you know the islanders but also enough to see their surroundings and feel their anxieties. There is adventure, camaraderie, pirates, survival, and many other things all wrapped up in this amazing classic.


the is a story about man, life,working together for the betterment of all.the betterment of this group of man.the respect life,all things intended .


Love to read the old classics and i will be reading this one many more times later on like all of the other books


Another classic read that I performed on my Samsung Galaxy S III - and one I recommend to others as I will probably read it again in the future.


This is a typical Jules Vern with all the advanced science beyond the times.A very good read, hard to put down sometimes.


One of the few Verne books that are a disappointment, and have a poor and unbelievable plot that drags on.


An ill fated escape by balloon ended up being a disaster depositing 5 men and a dog on a seemingly deserted island.  Where they worked to start a colony of sorts and where they experienced many hardships and triumphs.  A classic story filled with well defined characters and interesting locale.  The one downfall was it was somewhat wordy and of course some of the explanations of the scientific kind were outdated.  But those small complaints does nothing to diminish the quality of the tale itself.


A good and interesting story well told.  Actually, the book is a tour-de-force of survival techniques.  It is a proverbial field manual for survival on a semi-tropical island encapsulated within the framework of a novel, providing that one had the ability to recognize and identify all the plants and minerals found within its pages and had the ability to transform these into those uses identified by the author.


I read the who thing on my phone.  Enjoyed it a lot but, not as much as King Salomon's Mine which, is also free


I always have loved Jules Verne because he was the creator of steampunk. This book is a true classic making it worthwhile my time!


A wonderful adventure described in great detail as only Jules Verne can do. Readers of all ages will greatly enjoy this book.


This book was inspired by the true story of Alexander Selkirk, who survived alone for almost five years on an uninhabited island off the coast of Chile.It is a very interesting story with a lot of imagination by Verne as it is written in the later 1800s. It starts in 1865, March, Richmond, VA. The capital of the Confederacy is under siege by the Union Army under Lt. Gen. U. S. Grant.Five men, Cyrus, Pencroft, Herbert, Neb and Gideon, and a dog named Top are trapped in Richmond and wish to escape from the town. The weather is bad, but there is a balloon tethered in the middle of town, and the storm seems to provide some cover as the Confederates are less attentive with the storm. They get into the balloon with a dog and set off on an adventure. They are blown west by the storm, and end up over the ocean, with the balloon losing altitude, when they very fortunately to crash on a tropical island, which turns out to be volcanic and large enough to have a variety on the island.Interesting that Verne uses a balloon which is only coming into use, as the device to get his folks onto the deserted tropical island.The five men are a good collection of skills and personalities and work well together. Captain Cyrus is their knowledgeable and inspiring leader with an engineer's practical knowledge. Pencroft, is a practical and hardworking sailor. Gideon is kind of a "everyman" -- observant, strong and resourceful and loving. Herbert a young, man learning and becoming a naturalist. It is a well done book where the whole crew works hard to make a life for themselves on the island using what is available. They do an excellent job using what is at hand, and make chemicals including nitroglycerine, using what is on the island.A well done and interesting adventure tale. Hard to always appreciate that it was written in 1870, as it has aged well.  An enjoyable Verne adventure novel, certainly one of his best.


this was one of the most interesting books I have read. it keeps you in suspense throughout the entire book it is amazing how much these men accomplished while on the island I loved the book, and couldn't, put it down I would recommend this book to all adventure readers.


slow at first but totally suspenseful to the very end. glad I stuck through to find out an ending that you can't possibly have imagined


This book was the very first bookmobile book I bought when I was in the school book club. I loved the story then and I bet a dollar to a donut I will love it again. If my memory serves, I bought this book in 5th grade. That would have been about 1961. I am looking forward to reliving the memories.


this was an Ok book, but slow at times, I actually put it down and read something else and then came back, the second part was better, when  other people came into the story


I couldn't put this book down until it was finished. I had never read this book but had read other works written by Jules Verne. I always wondered what happened to Captain Memo. Now I know. Great story. A keeper.


A manual on desert island survival in its own right, this book besides having the old Verne slow build to a climax that I love so much has a LOT of interesting little asides that give a lot of information about attitudes and behaviour of the time, from the treatment of the the castaways towards each other, the land around them, and the animals.  Worth reading.


I first read this book when I was 11, and I have read itevery 5 years since.A boys own tale, embroidering history, science, survival,science- fiction, bravery, comradeship into a silken mapI'm glad I grew up reading these stories before the dreadfulHarry Potter hogwash eyewash obliterated young peoplesminds and turned them into zombies.


You can't go wrong with Jules Verne. His scenes are so graphic, accurate and well-researched and it draws you into the story.


Probably a good book to have around for all the sience it containsWell writen story even tho it is fiction


IT IS FUN TO SEE HOW THE MYSTERIOUS ISLAND PLAYS A PRIMARY PART OF THIS WONDERFUL BOOK.  I LOVE A GOOD MYSTERY & THIS ONE WAS GREAT!  THANK YOU


This is one of the classic stories of Jules Verne and it is also one of my favorites.  Five prisoners of war escape using a balloon.  Caught in a massive storm they are carried thousands of miles and land on a remote island with no inhabitants.  They begin to build what life they can and they are very creative and ingenious. Their adventures are what make this story so entertaining.  As the true nature of the island is discovered the group is faced with both threats from enemies and help from a mysterious benefactor.Jules Verne's writing and perceptions of the future and Sci-Fi were well ahead of his time.  This is an excellent story and I recommend it to you.


I never read this great book growing up.  Now is the time to catch up on the classics and to think, &#34;It was free!&#34;


Reading this story took me back to my youth. It reminded me of when the school library was my favorite  place in school. I was where my imagination soared to places I could only dream about.


This is another of the old classics that Amazon has released in eBook format.  I read this story first over fifty years ago while it was being held between the hardback bindings of a library book in conjunction with Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea and In Search of the Castaways.  After I discovered how exciting Jules Verne's writings truly were I started reading all of his books that I could find and I most certainty appreciated every one of them.  When I saw "The Mysterious Island" in eBook format on Amazon I simply had to have a copy.  It is now my desire to acquire all the books that I have read and the books I now have in my personal hard-copy library, in the eBook format.  Even though we have grown up reading hardback and paperback books, enjoying the smell of printer's ink and experiencing the feeling of a good binding and fine paper in our hands, we no longer are able to collect them in their original format due to lack of available shelf space.  I have discovered that being able to carry all of my books around in my Kindle Fire HD 8.9 is not a bad way to go after all.  Hunting through book shelf after book shelf for a novel or digging through box after box of books which we had to place in storage because our books were completely taking over our home, looking for just the right book, has unfortunately become unrealistic. However I regress and this is a review about Jules Verne and his book "The Mysterious Island"  Read it, I believe you will love it.


This is the best book I have ever read in my life.  I am 60 years old and read about 100 books a year.  This is a story about a group of men who really care about each other and risk their lives to help each other.  There is plenty of action and adventure to keep your interest, but the true story is this group of men.  I keep it on my Kindle, and when I have nothing else to read, I open the book and re-read it.  I wish modern novels where of this quality.  I enjoy all of his books, but this is his best.  I recommend it to everyone, and it is free, how can it get any better.


But I was expecting something more the pace of Around the World in 80 Days, and this dragged in spots. I ended up skipping a lot of parts where they were making things, and was a little incredulous how easily everything came to them and all they were able to accomplish.


am sorry ---- i accidentally deleted it from the kindle before i had time to check it out.  i apologize.


5 stars. I think this is one of the best books written by Jules Verne. I saw the movie when I was young, it was more glamorous than the book. However the book endeared these men to each other through all their hardships. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a good read.


Who could not enjoy a Jules Verne story.  This was as entertaining as all the others and very interesting as the men stranded on the island came up with ways to survive being on the island.


Good reading for anyone of any age. It is a book that could be shared with kids of any age from five to ninty five and learn so much from the experience of these time travelers.


Jules Verne's Guide to Survival. I enjoyed the adventure. This is one classic you don't want to miss. Not only is it fun to read, but you might learn something as well. The next time I read it, and I fully intend to read this book again, I'm going to keep my laptop at my elbow so I can find pictures of some of the animals and plants mentioned. I'd especially like to know if their "horses" are real or make-believe.


I can't get enough of this type of literature. I am  56 years old this is something that I will keep doing for a long time. Maybe these old stories are something we all should get back to


I would highly recommend this classic to everyone from young teens to our most senior adults.  Warning it is a long, involved tale that can't be read in one evening.  Since every character is a man, it is a less than sentimental journey.  Though they are definitely some tearful scenes.  One character is a former slave, but is treated as the others' equal though somewhat condescendedly.  I enjoyed looking back at a culture and customs that are long gone.  And no spoilers, but you may want to read another Verne classic when done with this one...


What can be said about this book... Is there any one who have never read it?It is good read, nice adventure, a bit old style.


The author had a great story line. Brought each character to life and had quite an interesting ending. Didn't see the ending coming. Will recommend book to friends and family.


Jules Verne has a knack for detail.  This book has a good plot and a mystery not solved until the end.  This keeps one reading even though it is a very tedious chore.  Similar with many writers the object is to keep wandering around many irrelevant ideas to add &#34;texture&#34;.  I suspect most readers read a line or two each page in order to make some headway into the story.  One also has to accept absurd achievements similar to a James Bond movie.  It's better to read this than some sex novel written by someone with a demented mind.  Lynn in Jacksonville OR


It was too slow from the very beginning!To much information about a number of charcters at the very beginning which turned out to be quite boring!


This is Jules Verne's attempt at writing a Robinson Crusoe / Swiss Family Robinson castaway story, with the twist that the five castaways crash-land a balloon and thus come to the island with almost nothing -- unlike Crusoe or the Swiss Family, the castaways here don't have a boat-full of resources, tools, etc., to fall back on, and have to make *everything* themselves, from the ground up, armed only with their knowledge of science and engineering. Since it always seemed to me that Crusoe and the Swiss Family cheated a bit by bringing so many tools and so forth along with themselves, I really enjoyed the more scientific focus, and this has now replaced Swiss Family as my answer to the "what one book would you want with you on a desert island?" question.Parts of the novel drag a bit, but it's a Jules Verne novel so there's a good story here -- the Island has a mysterious unseen inhabitant, also, there are pirates, which is always awesome.The main flaw is that this is based on the 1875 Kingston translation, which makes a fair number of edits on Verne's original -- for example, it changes some of the protagonists's names and removes some of Captain Nemo's anti-imperialist, anti-british rhetoric. There's a more accurate translation available for free in the Kindle store, so I'd recommend grabbing the accurate version instead (look for the edition where the engineer is named Cyrus Smith, rather than Cyrus Harding;  Kingston reportedly felt "Smith" was a "gypsy name" and hence unsuitable for a heroic character. You can find that version in the kindle store here:The Mysterious Island)Oh, yeah, Captain Nemo. This book is in some ways a sequel to Verne's _Twenty Thousand Leagues under the Seas_, as well as to his _In Search of the Castaways_. The sequence isn't direct -- really more a case of cameo characters than a direct plot sequel to either book -- but you might want to read those two books first before picking this one up.


I didn't care for this story, others may like it but it just not for me, I just couldn't keep reading. Too much good stuff out there to keep going with this one.


It was okay, but not thrilling. Just was not my cup of tea. Not sure if it was the story, just could not get in to it..


Not at all what I had expected. I was thinking it would be like the movie but was very pleasantly surprised.


The complexity of detail in this story amazes me, especially since it is not a recently published story and was hard to put down!


I  grew up considering Jules Verne and his contamparies as people with a scientific vision. But having read his work, including this one, I feel betrayed. These are racist people, believing in white man's superiority, which looks like a recurrent theme with bit of pseudoscience thrown in. Do not waste time.


Read it to see non Hollywood version of the story. Gets a little wordy and over involved in descriptive verse, but is probably typical of its time period.


Takes place in 1800's.Five castaways . Good mystery and well written. Will keep you coming back to find out....who did that!


The more I find of his works, the more I understand why he is (hopefully still) held in such high esteem in the science fiction reading community.


I could not take myself out of the book once I got started.  It had a great amount of mystery, some of which could be figured out  (especially if you are familiar with Jules Verne) however, there were a lot of twists and turns the kept me guessing.  He must have done a tremendous amount of research to be able to describe all the things he had these character had to do in order to survive.  Like I said, Very Educational.


Adventure seekers and literature aficionados alike will be satisfied  with this rich story of a group of castaways who come  together in the name of survival on a remote island in the Pacific.


I enjoyed this book but had trouble following the story.i can recommend it,but I have enjoyed others more.it is a good book if you like this kind of story.


Simply outstanding even though I've read it before.  Verne is an outstanding writer for a n y generation.  Offer this to your children.


I have all my Verne favorites downloaded to my Kindle Library so that I can always have them at the touch of a finger and easy to share with my daughter!  I recommend keeping your favorite classics in your digital library.


Again, if you've already seen the movie, this book only serves to clear up a lot of things in the movie that didn't make sense.  I wish I had read the book first, then I wouldn't be so jaded.


Every child should read 20,000 leagues under the sea, a classic adventure.  Following that with just a little prompting they should be intrigues to read this sequel of what happened to Captain Nemo and the Nautilus.  There are a classic few books that in my viewpoint children should be exposed to Tom Sawyer (and its sequel Huckleberry Finn), Last of the Mohicans, Animal Farm,  The Hobbit, Tarzan, Harry Potter, A Yankee in King Arthurs Court...This book is not as good as 20,000 Leagues but if their interest has been peaked tehy may stll wade through this novel and reading these classics is by far a better activity for children than video games.


This is a good book, and it keeps the reader in suspense, although it gets a little boring at times. 5 men get stranded on an island and they get into some adventures. Pretty standard plot, however there is an orangutan named Joop and a dog named Top, which gives the novel some heart and soul in addition to diversity. I felt cheated quite a bit by the ending, however I still enjoyed it.


Not what i expected. yet a very interesting book. i usually don&#8216;t read books from this era, just goes to show they can be of interest.


Took a long time to read and get into STORY. Overall a good but slow reading book. Would recommend this book to anyone who has an interest in science. It has an interesting turn.


Great suspense story! Kept me guessing till the end. No story like a classic by this author...great work. Really enjoyed it.


This book captivated me. It's characters are interesting and their story amazing. You may find some of the descriptions a bit long, but they do add dimension to the characters. You should read this book if you like adventure, action and suspense. If you enjoyed 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, you`ll like this.


This book was interesting and fun to read. The characters were interesting and made the book better. A great read for downtime.


I very much enjoyed this Jules Verne book.  It kept my interest most of the time.  I did think that some of the descriptions of the castaways' creations were lengthy.  I also thought that a lot of what he wrote, he had never actually experienced any of these things, so was a bit naive.  But this book definitely makes one think what they would do in such circumstances.


This is a classic book of the time. The actions of the characters may not be pc but this story gives a real view of attitudes particular to the era. If you are expecting a tale like the movies inspired by the book you will not find it.  This is a story about men surviving difficult circumstances. It is somewhat fantastical but real all the same. And it is very readable.


This tale had everything, something historical, lots of action, characters with a sense of cooperation, imagination, and a unique way of making do with what they found. Plus I found the fate of Captain Nemo.


Purchased this for my husband, who totally enjoyed it, could not put it down.  One of Jules Verne's best books.


Mysterious Island was my first read by this author.  It was a long read but very detail that made the island come alive.  Lots of surprises.


In true Jules Verne style - rich descriptions - real characters - adventures and action.  Downloaded by mistake but thoroughly glad I did.


The Mysterious Island is the 1st time I have read Jules Verne. Of course I've known about him all my years alive since my teenage years and have to say I really did enjoy this book which I downloaded free from Amazon for my Kindle being one of the classics that it is. Jules Verne was a very remarkable intelligent thoughtful writer. I definitely will be reading more of his works.


I came into the book expecting it to be great, and I was surprised that it exceeded even my own inflated expectations. I've read many of Jules Verne's works, and I can sat that I was thoroughly amused the whole time I was reading this book. I've come to the realization that very few writers today even come close to the marvelous works that were wrought by hands such as Jules Verne. Would I recommend it? YES! If you enjoy a little bit of Sci-Fi, a lot of adventure, some laughs, and some good time well spent you'll love reading Jules Verne's &#34;The Mysterious Island&#34;.


I liked the creative ideas, the making and building of items.  The whole story was great...except for the killing of so many animals.  the book was written at a different time in the history of the world, the language is interesting to read and understand.  To distroy so much when now we need to save out plantet hurts  to read and think about.The book is worth the reading...as is all of this authors books.Naturally we would perfer he not kill the leading mystery man and the many life forms.The writer was a genuis.


I love Jules Verne. A man ahead of his time. This story is comparable to 20.000 leagues under the sea. Even if you ignore that fact that he  was way ahead of the time, his stories are always fun and a pleasure to read


This is a good sequel to Jules Verne 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. I like this book, although the movies don't do it justice.


I have read all Jules Verne's stories but all are worth re-reading. I believe most have been made into movies so for me it is worth refreshing the story especially this one as the movie never did it justice. The dated language is a little difficult but fun if, like me, you use the dictionary often to search out obscure words and phrases. For anyone who never read or saw this story/movie I strongly recommend it as good early science fiction.


Read this book years ago and enjoyed it then, however, I enjoyed it even more reading it on my Kindle. What has inspired me about this book is the people in the book on the island are very different, yet come together to work together and survive. Yes, I know that there are lots of reviews on this book, however, what I want to say to you is that if you are looking for a book that will inspire you that you can survive anything, then read this book.And if read in a low time in your life, it will be meaningful to you to see the right answer. This is what I found that this book did for me, it helped me see what is important and what is not.


